=============================
Pulp Puppet 2.8 Release Notes
=============================

Pulp Puppet 2.8.4
=================

- A migration included in this release fixes an issue which caused some Puppet modules to not be
  installable. You also may want to re-publish repos to update the symlinks to the correct module
  with the corect name. When you run `pulp-manage-db`, the migration will print information to stdout
  about the repos that need to be re-published.

Pulp Puppet 2.8.3
=================

Due to a Pulp platform release, this plugin's version has been incremented.
There are no changes from the previous release.

Pulp Puppet 2.8.2
=================

Due to a Pulp platform release, this plugin's version has been incremented.
There are no changes from the previous release.

Pulp Puppet 2.8.1
=================

Bug Fixes
---------

See the list of :fixedbugs:`2.8.1`


Pulp Puppet 2.8.0
=================

New Features
------------

- This release drops the following three indexes using a database migration which runs as part of
  the `pulp-manage-db` command:

   - `tag_list`
   - `name_1_version_1_author_1`
   - `author`

- This release also adds an index for `author_1_name_1_version_1`
- The install distributor normalizes uid, gid, and filesystem permissions.
   - Extracted files and directories will inherit the uid and gid of the pulp process that extracts
     them.
   - Because some puppet modules contain files with problematic filesystem permissions, pulp ensures
     minimum permissions of 0644 for regular files and 0755 for directories.
- This release adds support for the /releases/{user}-{module}-{version} endpoint of the Puppet Forge v3 API

Bugs Fixed
----------

You can see the :fixedbugs:`list of bugs fixed<2.8.0>`.
